Our goal is to analyze and implement some classic problems and their aspects in the fields of blockchain.


To get familiar with blockchain technology and its basic concepts, we're first trying to build a bitcoin simulator
which is based on server-client model. The server will act as a broadcasting hub and a chatting app which will redirect any messgaes or transactions to the any client connected to the port. The transaction messages are encrypted with RSA or ECDSA signature, and other clients can verify the mined new block or transaction message, putting them into their own distributed accounting chain. We're expecting to apply crytography and websocket programming skills to create an application with a GUI interface.

Then, we'll proceed to chain analysis on Scalable Chain Infrastructure VulnerabIlity Analyzer. The target of this step is to automate the auditing services provided by firms like “Trail of Bits” or “Runtime Verification.” This part will be developing a Datalog-based state analyzer for Golang, or directly use CodeQL to expedite the development process


Next, we'll expand our research area to more applications related to security of blockchain infrastructure (not smart contract security, which is a well-researched area). For example, we prevent hackers from turning this node into a byzantine node (since all the nodes have similar implementation, it is very-well that if bug existed, hackers can take control of more than ⅓ of the nodes, note that PBFT assumes each node use a different implementation, so our method could also be used to reduce the possibility of sybil attack. So, realistically, we first do case studies of the following projects (used a lot in blockchain, have enough impact): IPFS (FIL) Cosmos (ATOM) Ethereum (ETH). We will investigate their security, it is best if we can find novel bugs, but if not, we can just see existing bug reports. We will aim to find at least one non-generic bug that we will use as a proof-of-concept for our blockchain-security-checker. For the consensus part, if we still have time at this point, we can try to improve the bitcoin simulator we built and revise the mining mechanism such that it will rely on things other than CPU computing power. By changing consensus of power of work into something else more applicable to students' needs, we can figure out a way to make innovative usage of this blockchain techonology.
